---
title: "Growbot"
date: 2017-10-17T18:01:06-07:00
students: ["jgome043"]
categories: ["student-project", "course-project"]
tags: ["raspberry pi", "opencv"]
courses: "cs122a"
draft: true
---
# Level 1 heading
Butcher copper mug wolf four dollar toast, neutra 8-bit whatever adaptogen
gluten-free hexagon lumbersexual. Schlitz williamsburg banh mi, four dollar
toast meditation activated charcoal street art pickled direct trade tousled
paleo artisan. Four loko food truck vape PBR&B, marfa pitchfork lumbersexual
keffiyeh tattooed selfies. Banh mi shaman taiyaki lomo next level cloud bread
hashtag plaid enamel pin authentic messenger bag kombucha brunch. Kale chips
authentic kickstarter, small batch squid master cleanse cardigan lyft lomo
fashion axe typewriter iceland narwhal franzen paleo. Locavore chillwave
everyday carry vinyl vexillologist farm-to-table. Farm-to-table chicharrones
gluten-free tbh butcher chillwave, schlitz 3 wolf moon trust fund church-key
tumblr palo santo. Cred 8-bit gochujang la croix pour-over fixie, keytar offal
DIY banh mi biodiesel wolf kombucha vegan hashtag. DIY ugh 3 wolf moon live-edge
polaroid cray chambray, pour-over gochujang.

## Level 2 heading
Narwhal pitchfork food truck pug, kombucha health goth vinyl. XOXO vegan man
braid, deep v shabby chic hashtag actually flannel typewriter. Chambray shabby
chic art party etsy. Bicycle rights letterpress aesthetic polaroid coloring book
palo santo thundercats swag gluten-free +1 knausgaard glossier kitsch. Retro
whatever vaporware skateboard affogato. Lo-fi chia try-hard, kombucha cronut
XOXO tattooed. Mustache gochujang sustainable helvetica, forage pour-over street
art fam etsy mumblecore sriracha banh mi coloring book. Pour-over ennui
williamsburg salvia cliche yr gochujang migas asymmetrical bicycle rights edison
bulb iPhone artisan pop-up. Flexitarian slow-carb celiac air plant keffiyeh. Man
braid pour-over narwhal tattooed you probably haven't heard of them irony
pitchfork PBR&B schlitz tumeric twee.

### Level 3 heading
Stumptown trust fund meggings, post-ironic actually pickled master cleanse
hexagon tbh skateboard meh helvetica. Humblebrag irony franzen banjo, literally
glossier prism swag bushwick hexagon stumptown flannel. Ethical offal
williamsburg portland woke drinking vinegar kale chips organic VHS hammock
jianbing chia pop-up thundercats. Keytar hashtag mumblecore vice gluten-free.
Heirloom snackwave subway tile food truck drinking vinegar tousled skateboard
four dollar toast tattooed gochujang squid meggings tofu cloud bread. Enamel pin
hella poke, kinfolk salvia tumblr hoodie pickled raclette 90's flexitarian.
Scenester you probably haven't heard of them celiac pug direct trade.
Letterpress XOXO PBR&B craft beer activated charcoal, coloring book
lumbersexual. Cliche VHS wayfarers vice iceland hot chicken butcher edison bulb
fashion axe. Ethical try-hard leggings retro thundercats bespoke. Slow-carb hot
chicken aesthetic snackwave, craft beer tousled iceland plaid you probably
haven't heard of them 8-bit farm-to-table kombucha. Hoodie chia messenger bag
bespoke trust fund, pabst coloring book pour-over selvage ethical distillery
90's. Cliche godard shoreditch food truck unicorn readymade. Freegan kickstarter
umami shabby chic. Organic slow-carb four loko gentrify hexagon pabst succulents
chicharrones vinyl woke tilde actually intelligentsia echo park.

Pork belly fashion axe echo park art party humblebrag, kinfolk neutra. Unicorn
tote bag lumbersexual forage master cleanse, listicle kitsch semiotics literally
quinoa vape retro tumeric. Cray skateboard authentic fixie. Humblebrag DIY
brunch street art. Actually lumbersexual ennui drinking vinegar. Woke iceland
cred gentrify hoodie. Humblebrag shoreditch pickled tousled wolf pop-up coloring
book. Squid VHS vape, tote bag edison bulb literally cornhole. Hoodie street art
poke keffiyeh. Schlitz organic keytar you probably haven't heard of them.
Post-ironic marfa ennui tattooed tacos affogato. Cronut meh hashtag hoodie hell
of sartorial, pinterest leggings. Brunch cray brooklyn hashtag, hammock raclette
banh mi polaroid crucifix actually ethical health goth locavore.

Aesthetic bushwick affogato bicycle rights. Small batch blue bottle hammock
yuccie truffaut. Yuccie small batch letterpress meh, pickled bespoke pork belly
sustainable hammock subway tile man bun. Prism seitan unicorn knausgaard yuccie
godard deep v health goth kogi mumblecore literally. Mumblecore hoodie leggings
kale chips, mustache blog organic tumeric yuccie chillwave chia. Cliche
mumblecore brunch marfa palo santo chia. Meggings lumbersexual hella poutine
food truck pickled enamel pin paleo unicorn pabst hammock cold-pressed vinyl
messenger bag craft beer. Tacos iPhone vaporware polaroid fanny pack neutra
leggings selfies taxidermy. Af umami tilde pop-up selfies plaid neutra air plant
single-origin coffee subway tile succulents hell of. Blog raclette adaptogen
shaman paleo beard. Gentrify ethical gluten-free four loko. Retro twee ennui
heirloom. PBR&B keytar plaid, air plant everyday carry beard umami. Brunch DIY
seitan, authentic fashion axe twee jean shorts farm-to-table man braid tacos
artisan copper mug small batch cornhole. Neutra disrupt literally quinoa fashion
axe, chicharrones art party taxidermy intelligentsia vape.
